The Joe Rogan.
Experience. And now check out Martin Luther king. All right.
We had to fight,
fight for decades to have Martin Luther king day.
There was a lot of resistance to that. Do you realize that?
And, and, and a,
a lot of the resistance was the fact that Martin Luther king
is the only American man in this country to
have a holiday all to himself. Really? And guess what?
He's black.
What do you mean by a holiday? All to himself around Columbus day.
Columbus, not American. Oh.
That's right. Okay. Well, he kind of was when he became, no, he thought he,
well, he did, first of all, Columbus didn't even land here. And he was like,
basically a serial killer. He was a.
Serial killer. He was a rapist. Yeah. And a Piller and he didn't,
he didn't discover a thing. What.
Did, did they call an indigenous people's day now? Yeah. Yeah.
Now how, how do you discover over something when you get there?
People are already there. <laugh> come on. Be real.
Well, not only that, like, why did it take until basically the later latter,
half of the 20th century,
before people came to grips of the fact that he was an atrocious human being,
like when we were kids, when I was in I'm a little bit younger than you. I'm 52.
When I was in high, it was Columbus sail, the ocean blue,
the pin to the Santa Maria. Right? Nino Pento, Santa Maria. This was,
this was a guy who was an Explorer. He was going there for Spain. He was right.
And then when you get older and you, you read these missionaries,
it counts of the horrific crimes.
And the, and we still.
Celebrate him. Yeah. Well, I mean,
do we sort us out and we kind of are done celebrating him, right? No,
we still have.
Columbus day. It.
Should be college indigenous people's day now. No.
They, they call it that. Yeah. But we, we on the calendar,
it still says Columbus day. Does it?
Yeah. Not on the apple calendar. Really. That's cool. I.
Don't think so. Maybe Apple's.
Head of it time. I think it says indigenous people's day now. Okay. That's cool.
Maybe I'm wrong, but it, it.
Should. Yeah. Now, um, so we used to have,
um, two white guys who each had a holiday all to himself,
Americans who are those guys we used to have, uh, maybe before your time,
uh, during my time, George Washington day and Abraham Lincoln.
Really? What.
Were those days? You didn't remember that? I.
Don't remember that. Yeah. And then, so we had too many holidays,
so they combined those two days into one day called president's day. Oh.
Okay. We, those were too many holidays. Enough productivity.
Exactly. So we, so yeah, so they took those away and combined them. So,
so now the only
man who has a holiday to himself is a black man and they can't handle it,
Martha King. And now they,
we had to fight for decades to give this man a holiday when he gave his
life to bring this country together.
Yet we give a holiday to Christopher Columbus, who,
as you pointed out was a murderer, a serial killer, a Piller a rapist.
Okay. Who didn't discover a thing. Right?
Martin Luther king never murdered pillaged and raped,
but yet we didn't wanna give him a holiday. You know?
So you know that I see inequity in this country and I'll tell you something
else. Um,
one now there are a lot of people who would disagree with me and that's okay.
Cause we we're Americans. We can disagree. You know, we're all,
we're all individuals, but there are people who will agree with me also.
And I've been saying this now for 22 years,
one of the things that will help us to,
to advance into the 21st century. Cause we, we are behind the times,
um,
we need at this point to get rid of black history month.
Now I know people listening are gonna like freak out what what's this guy
talking about? Blah, blah, blah. Let me explain. Right?
For the long as time we needed black history month,
um, black history was not being taught in our schools.
Now you remember when you pointed out a moment ago that, uh, when you were in,
uh, in school, you know, Columbus was a hero, looked up to him, et cetera.
And then you go to college and you learn. Otherwise, when I was in high school,
it was not in our textbooks that we had, uh,
internment camps with Japanese Americans.
I did not learn that until I got to college. I'm like, what are you kidding me?
Right. I didn't believe it. Now it's in the textbooks. Yeah.
That's what I'm saying. We're behind the times. Right? Okay. So anyway, um,
we didn't have black history, right? Yeah.
What we had was called American history.
It might as well have been called white history. Cause that's all it was. And,
and even in some cases,
whites were being given credit for things they did not invent.
And for places they did not discover. Um, but we knew we,
we were told at home things like that, but not in schools. So we had to fight,
fight, fight. And finally we got one week,
it was called Negro history week Carter,
G Woodson created that and schools had Negro history week, one week, a year,
we continued fighting harder and harder. Finally, we got one month.
Cause you know, nobody's gonna give us everything on one dime. Right.
They had do it out little by little.
So we got that one month shortest month of the year, right.
February 20 days. Okay. No coincidence. <laugh> but <laugh> but,
but we accepted it for two reasons. Uh,
it was the birth month of two of our heroes,
Frederick Douglas and Abraham Lincoln. All right.
So we so up to that
and then we stopped fighting and that was a mistake on our part.
We became complacent. Right?
And now it's my belief that black history month has become
detrimental to, to us, to all of us white and black.
I'll tell you why. Yes. We needed it for a certain period of time.
Cause we had nothing. Um, but here's the problem.
We only studied black history in February and each February
we studied the same half, a dozen people. Martin Luther king,
Rosa parks, Harriet Tubman, Brooker T Washington, George Washington, Carver,
and one or two other ones.
By the time we get through half a dozen up our month is over.
We did our black thing. Let's move on.
Right yet we study Benjamin Franklin, Eli, Whitney, Alexander, Graham,
bell, Thomas that F F Scott Fitzgerald, Francis,
Scott Key all year long.
We're constantly reinforcing what they did all year long.
We never forget who flew the kite and the lightning hit the key and we have
electricity. We all know it's Ben Franklin. All right. But yet, um,
if you ask some kid in June say, um,
who was, uh, Harriet Tubman. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember her. Yeah.
She was that lady who refused to give a receipt on the bus.
They got re confused with Rosa parks.
Cause there's been no reinforcement since February. And then next year,
next February, it's the same half a dozen people. All right.
So you're constantly, I'm not taking anything away from those people.
They were some of the greatest. All right.
But you're constantly reinforcing that there were only six or seven black people
in this whole country ever did anything.
What about the guy who invented the traffic light?
What about the person who invented the irony board and so many other black
discoveries and inventions? Oh, well we didn't have time for that.
We only have one month. Yeah,
but you got time to talk about Ben Franklin all year long. You know,
women's history month is March. We need to get rid of that too.
Take these things out of those months and put 'em where they belong under the
umbrella of American history and teach them all year long.
That way kids get accustomed to this and they learn and they have more respect
for each other. Look, I remember when I was a kid,
miss America beauty contest,
there were only two categories and it was all white women.
Black women were not allowed to join miss to compete in miss America.
All the judges were white males, two categories,
the evening gown evening wear. And the swimsuit that was it.
Women were objectified. There were sex objects. You know,
they didn't have talent.
They didn't need to write an essay or show what else they can do.
They just looked at and judge on that.
So black women were deemed not beautiful enough to, um,
to compete in miss America.
Plus they didn't want any white man judging a black woman in a bathing suit or
whatever.
So black women began having low self-esteem cuz they were told they were not as
beautiful as these other women. So what did we,
as black people do to elevate the esteem self-esteem of black girls,
we created the Ms. Black America beauty pageant to give them something to
aspire to. And that worked for a while. Finally, finally,
miss America,
the big one came to its sense and opened its doors. Wait was that?
I don't know the exact year. Um,
but I get guess was back in the seventies sometime, um,
opened its doors to all American women,
regardless of their ethnicity color or whatever, as long as they were American,
they could compete. And since that time we've had, we've had more than one.
Miss America.
Who's been black starting with Vanessa Williams and then Debbie turned and I
think maybe one or two other ones since that time. So now,
because miss America has come into the time we can get
rid of black, of, of Ms. Black America. We don't need it anymore. Right.
We got the main one. When are we gonna come to American history?
We need to get rid of black history month. We just,
we just the first black American president, what are we gonna do with Obama?
Are we gonna put him in, in the, in the, uh, February box?
Cause he's black only talk about him in February.
Don't talk about him in March or September cuz he's black history.
Put him in February. You know,
I don't I'm, I'm lost for words, man. It's crazy how we,
how we do this.